we make over 75 Indian recipes and I
think it's about time that I show you
how to make the most famous Indian
snacks the most famous Indian appetizer
veggie samosas yes I'm going to show you
how to make ready samosas today now in
India it's not common for people to make
samosas at home because there are sweet
shops in every corner and you can get
some more cells everywhere but here in
North America it's a delicacy it's like
a special occasion that you're making
samosas and I make good samosas but we
all know that mom samosas are the best
so today I have my mom here and she's
going to make some authentic veggie
samosas
so let's get started all right here we
have one and a half cup of all-purpose
flour in which we are adding 1/4 cup of
oil and we are also going to add 1
teaspoon of salt and now we are going to
mix everything with water and make a
dough out of it so we're just mixing
everything adding water and making a
dough now a lot of time people use
phyllo pastries shell to make samosas
but that's not the right way you can use
it once in a while but authentic samosas
are made out of method that is
all-purpose flour so you will find that
people use a machine dough making
machine you can use that if you want
that when you make it with hand that
tastes the best so make sure it's soft
so one foot cup of oil 1 and 1/2 cup of
all-purpose flour and this is going to
be good for like 1820 simul cells but
you need it's the software it's going to
be and so much better will be your small
cells when it comes to the taste so just
need and get for like good 5 6 minutes
making it really really soft
so it's almost ready just and we'll
start working on our stuffing boiling
our potatoes we have about nine potatoes
here if it should be good for about 20
samosas even more depending on how much
you use a person 'moosa for the filling
and then we'll peel them off mash them
cleanup potatoes here getting them ready
for our stuffing then I'm going to chop
some onions some cilantro we'll add in
some spices and have a beautiful mixture
beautiful stuffing that will go in our
samosas stuffing here I have my potatoes
ready you can cut them in small pieces
as well I've kind of mashed them with
the hand and here we have dry coriander
which we have crushed again so about one
large tablespoon and the other things
that we are going to add in our stuffy
include onions so one large onion
chopped finely 1 tablespoon of ginger
cilantro about 1/4 of a cup finely
chopped and green chilies now I'm making
these samosas for some friends so I'm
not going to add green chillies but if
you want you can go ahead and add that
so here in our big wok in a big karahi
we have lots of oil and this is what you
use to deep-fry your samosa so it's
heating up here and we are going to fry
our stuffing here so first of all in our
pan we've added a little bit of oil so
about 2 tablespoons and we've added our
coriander frying our dry coriander which
we have crushed and we'll go ahead and
add onions and we'll also add our ginger
these things are going to keep it super
simple we are just going to add salt and
red
powder that's adding our souls about 2
teaspoons maybe a little bit more about
3 teaspoons depends on how much stuffing
you have pinch of garam masala gonna
have a little bit of red chili powder
just adding our potatoes in our pan
frying them a little bit you can also
use other vegetables if you want in your
stuffing like peas or maybe a little bit
of cauliflower really really finely
grated and green chilies just for the
extra heat and if you want you can use
ground chicken or beef or whatever to
make your samosas after your choice
cause our best enjoyed with like
tamarind chutney or like mint chutney if
you don't have those ketchup is the best
within a couple of minutes your potatoes
will be ready we'll go ahead and add
cilantro that we have chopped and
stuffing on the side after mixing
everything well together and then we'll
start working on our pastry on our outer
shell here we are making the outer shell
so taking a little ball of dough and
almost like you would make a roti you
will flatten it out thinner it is better
your samosas will be so just thinning it
out
look at that that's going to be a
perfect night she'll see how thin it is
does take a little practice to get
perfect samosas so we've cut it into
half stuff so now we are going to stuff
our pastry so just fold it like you
would make a little cone out of it in a
triangular shape you know this again
yeah so we're gonna just fill it up and
seal it pastry shell with our stuffing
unlocking the door so one nice samosa is
done we're just gonna fry it filling our
second samosa
small ball and flattening it out almost
like you'll make a routine and that's
the hardest part getting like a nice
thin outer shell cutting it in half
making a triangular pocket
so just see once again the technical
part of making the outer shell with your
hand press a little bit the outer shell
so that you can have a nice triangular
pocket fill it up with your stuffing
whatever you may be using and simply
close the sides and press it a little
bit if you don't press it down it will
open when you are frying it so that that
are beautiful too many samosas are ready
they are raw so you have to deep fry
them you can use your good old deep
fryer or you can do it the old a sieve a
deep frying them in a karahi or in your
wok make sure the oil is really really
hot otherwise you will be frying it
forever
alright so just putting our beauty
samosas in the hot oil and we let them
fry up and they are nice brown crispy
will turn them getting all sides nice
and brown
give them a couple of minutes let them
get nice and brown tied once it's brown
so that the motors are done nicely from
every side
you
once they're nice and round you give
them out you can even line your dish
with some brown paper to soak the extra
oil out just putting our next batch in
how beautiful samosas are coming along
so go ahead feel free to serve them with
Emily ki chutni that's tamarind sauce
with mint chutney or good old ketchup